docs: Mention Nightwatch Recorder extension (#4)
nightwatchjs/nightwatch-chrome-recorder: Readme.md

[![npm][npm-badge]][npm]
[![Discord][discord-badge]][discord]

This repo provide tools to convert JSON user flows from [Google Chrome DevTools Recorder](https://goo.gle/devtools-recorder) to Nightwatch test scripts programmatically.

✅ Converts multiple recordings to Nightwatch tests in one go (out-of-the-box glob support)  
🗂 User can pass their custom path to export tests.  
💃 Users can also use a dry run to see the interim output of the recordings  
👨‍💻 Programmatic API which users can use in their own project to create plugins or custom scripts.

> Alternatively, you can export JSON user flows as Nightwatch test scripts straight away from Chrome DevTools with our [Nightwatch Recorder Chrome extension](https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-recorder-extension).

Reviewer: Should we mention the Chrome Webstore link instead?

Author: Fixed

> Alternatively, you can export JSON user flows as Nightwatch test scripts straight away from Chrome DevTools with our [Nightwatch Recorder Chrome extension](https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-recorder-extension).

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can export JSON user flows as Nightwatch test scripts straight away from Chrome DevTools with our [Nightwatch Recorder Chrome extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nightwatch-chrome-recorde/nhbccjfogdgkahamfohokdhcnemjafjk/). See [Create Nightwatch test using Google Chrome DevTools Recorder](https://nightwatchjs.org/guide/writing-tests/chrome-devtools-recorder.html) to learn more.
```

> Alternatively, you can export JSON user flows as Nightwatch test scripts straight away from Chrome DevTools with our [Nightwatch Recorder Chrome extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nightwatch-chrome-recorde/nhbccjfogdgkahamfohokdhcnemjafjk/). See [Create Nightwatch test using Google Chrome DevTools Recorder](https://nightwatchjs.org/guide/writing-tests/chrome-devtools-recorder.html) to learn more.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can export JSON user flows as Nightwatch test scripts straight away from Chrome DevTools with our [Nightwatch Recorder Chrome extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nightwatch-chrome-recorde/nhbccjfogdgkahamfohokdhcnemjafjk/). 

See [Create Nightwatch test using Google Chrome DevTools Recorder](https://nightwatchjs.org/guide/writing-tests/chrome-devtools-recorder.html) to learn more.
```
